URL: https://visitsunderbans.com/sundarban-hilsa-festival.html

Sundarban Hilsa Ilish Festival Utsav 2026 Menu Price Dates
Click To Call 9038055530
💬 WhatsApp Now
8 Am: Breakfast is served in Resort. After breakfast enjoy at the swimming pool or take a walk in the village for pictures of sunrise, mangroves, village & birds.
11 Am: We start our boat journey to return to Godhkhali. While sailing through the vast delta for the last time you enjoy your lunch on the boat.
2.30 Pm: We reach Godhkhali and board our waiting bus to return to Kolkata.
5.30 Pm: We reach Kolkata  and with that we end our Sundarban ilish utsav 2026.
8.30 Am : Today we embark on the Sundarban Hilsa Festival 2026 or Sundarban Ilish Utsab. Guests have a pick up point from Science city at 9.am.   Breakfast is served on the bus/car and a breif halt for tea on the way. Three and half hours of journey to Godkhali, the last road ends here in India Mainland.
12 Noon: Board Boat then visit the island of Gosaba which is the biggest market for hundreds of villages around. Lunch is served on the boat
3.00 Pm: Reach Resort and checkin to your rooms. A walk through the beautiful paddy fields and the village of honey collectors and fishermen, looking out for local rituals and beliefs.
3.30 Pm: Boat ride for bird watching, during two to three hours, spotting seven types of kingfisher, egret, brahmani eagles, pond heron, black cormorants, etc and above all getting introduced to the lovely mangroves, with surreal creatures like fiddler crabs, mud skipper fish etc.
6.30 Pm: Return to the Resort, just after the sunset. An enchanting evening with the local tribal Dance & Song Groups perform for you, you can join them and have a gala time. A session of refreshments.
9 Pm: Dinner is served according to the leisure of every individual guest, getting prepared to spend the night in the luxury of our resorts.
Sundarban Hilsa Festival 2026- Terms & Conditions
👉   Due to reasons beyond our control sometimes raw materials of Sundarban Monsoon Hilsa Festival/Ilish Utsab, for food are not available and menu in ditto cannot be provided. There might be changes in menu day wise but our level best efforts are to provide all dishes mentioned.
👉 Passengers can book their seats in advance by paying a sum of Rupees for Sundarban 2,000/-.
👉 The balance amount is to be paid before the commencement of journey.
👉 Passengers entry fees, guide charges and sight-seeing charges are inluded in the package but camera entry if chargeable are to be paid separately.
👉 Itinerary is subject to change under unavoidable circumstances and as per instructions of Forest Department.
👉 We shall not be responsible for any loss, injury or damage to person, property, or otherwise in connection with any accommodation, transportation or other services, resulting from any act of GOD, dangers, fire, accident, breakdown in machinery or equipment, strikes, riots, thefts, or any other causes beyond our control.
Cancelation policy
🧾 30 Days before Full Refund or Date Postponement.
🧾 15-7 days before 50% of advance price will be deducted.
🧾 No refund is allows if cancellation is made within 7 Days.
​  Guest Rating And Reviews
2 Nights 3 Days Sundarban Ilish Utsav 2026 Tours Itinerary  ​
Phone  *
Buffet Menu ইলিশ উৎসব  (Customized Food )
Day wise Buffet Menu  For Sundarban Hilsa Festival 2026 (Unlimited Servings)
​
Day 1:
Packed Breakfast with Mineral Water Tea/Cofee en-route.
Buffet Lunch on Boat: Welcome Drinks On Arrival, Basmati Rice, Green Salad, Sona Mug Dal, Seasonal Veg Curry (Sukto), Ilish Paturi, Prawn Curry and Mishti Doi & Sweets.
Evening Snacks: Veg Pakora/ Egg Pakoda/Maggi/ Tea/Coffee.
Dinner:Rice/ Roti, Green Salad, Mung Dal, Veg Curry, Fish Bhetki Kalia, Chicken Kosha, Sweets.
Day 2:
Breakfast: Puri Dal/ Aloor Dam, Bread & Butter, Boiled Egg / Omelette, Sweets, Tea/Coffee.
Lunch (On Board): Steamed Rice, Green Salad, Mung Dal, Begun Bhaja, Doi Ilish ,Hilsa Bhapa, Chatni, Papad & Sweets.
Evening Snacks: Chicken Pakora/ Paneer Pakora. Tea/Coffee.
​
Dinner: Monsoon Special Khichuri, Begun Vaja, Hilsa Fry, Sweets.
Day 03:
​
Breakfast:Kachuri & Chana Masala/Bread Toast, Butter, Jam, Sweets  Tea/Coffee.
Farewell Lunch (Served On Boat): Green Salad, Polao, Bhaja Ilish, Crab Curry, Chicken Kasha, Chatni and Papad,
Cost Price Of Sundarban Hilsa (Ilish) Festival (Utsav) ইলিশ উৎসব
Package Type
Inclusions
Cost Per Person
WhatsApp
Double Sharing
Kolkata to Kolkata by AC Luxury Bus
Luxury AC Stay
Buffet Meals Included
Jungle Safari & Guide Charges
3 Days Boat Cruise covering Watch Towers & Creeks
₹9,000
Chat
Triple Sharing
₹8,000
Chat
Child (5–9 Years)
₹4,500
Chat
Below 5 Years
Complimentary
Chat
💬 Get Best Price on WhatsApp
Sundarban Hilsa (Ilish) Festival (Utsav) Themed Tour ইলিশ উৎসব
Sundarban Hilsa Festival 2026- In Bengal Hilsa is referred as Queen of fish and with monsoon every Bengali looks forward to relish the taste of Ilish. And what is the better option to enjoy a huge array of dishes prepared from Ilish on a tour to the Sundarbans. You can taste all possible Bengali dishes of Ilish in this  Sundarban Hilsa Festival 2026 . Other seafood & poultry is blended in the menu to bring variety in the taste Sundarban Ilish utsav 2026.
Day 1 : Departure To Sundarbans
Exclusions
​❌ Camera Charges for Jungle visit if applicable.
❌ Anything not mentioned in Inclusions.
​
​❌ Personal Expenses.
Email:  *
Permium Sundarban Tour Package With Luxury Stay & scrumptious Sea Food Menu
Name:  *
Inclusions & Exclusions in Tour      ​
Inclusions
✔️ Kolkata To Kolkata Transportation by AC Car/Bus (Discount Apply For Self drive to Godhkhali).
✔️ All Meals From Day 1 Breakfast to Day 3 Lunch(Bed Tea & Evening Snacks Included.
✔️ Mineral water for drinking purpose.(Do not carry plastic Bottles).
✔️ Jungle Safari Charges, Entry Permits, Guide Charges.
✔️ Tribal Dance Program.
​
✔️ AC/Non AC Cottages Accommodation Family wise(Max 3 person allowed in 1 Room).         ​
Sundarban Hilsa oR Ilish Festival ইলিশ উৎসব 2026
Day 2 : Full Day Guided Jungle Safari
Thank you for contacting us! If needed, you will hear back within 48-72 hours.
Premium Star Category Accommodation
Day 3: Village Visit & Return
Sundarban Hilsa Festival Ilish Utsav Dates 2026 | Menu Package Price
​⭐ 4.9 Rating | 15,000+ Guests | Local Guidance | Best Experience Guarantee      ​
Fixed Departure Tours Dates
Month
Departure Dates
July
3rd–5th, 10th–12th, 17th–19th, 24th–26th, 31st–2nd August
August
7th–9th, 14th–16th, 21st–23rd, 28th–30th
September
4th–6th, 11th–13th
Home    About & Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Kolkata & Nearby    One Day Kolkata City Sightseeing Tour By Bus And Car    Kolkata Guided Tours
2 Days Kolkata Sightseeing Tour
3 Days Kolkata Inside Out Tour Itinerary
Kolkata Sightseeing Tour Without Temples
Places To Visit In Kolkata Evening Tour By Car
Weekend Getaway Destinations From Near Kolkata    Gangasagar tour from kolkata
Tarakeshwar Tour Package From Kolkata By Car
Day Tour To Bishnupur From Kolkata
Mayapur Tour From Kolkata By Car Bus
Shantiniketan Bolpur Tour Plan From Kolkata 1/ 2 Days
Shantiniketan Tour By Train
Durga Puja Packages    Bonedi Raj Barir Durga Pujo Parikrama
Gramer Banglar Durga Puja Parikrama
Pandal Hopping Tour Kolkata
Sundarbans    Sundarban Tour Package    Day Tour To Sundarbans From Kolkata
1 night 2 Days Sundarban Tour Packages
2 Nights 3 Days Sundarban Tour Packages
Sundarbans Luxury Tour Packages
Sikkim
North East
Orissa
📞
Why Choose This Package    ​
✔️ Small Group size of 25 persons with personalized services
✔️ 3 Star Riverside Accommodations With Swimming Pool.
✔️ Buffet Meals With focus on Hilsa(Ilish) and other Seafood Delicacy.
✔️ Full guided tour with Jungle Safari, tribal cultural programme.
7.30 Am: We start as early as possible, board safari boat to start for a full day guided jungle safari
8.00 Am: We reach Sajnekhali get the required permissions & forest approved guide from the forest office, and visit Sajnekhali Tiger Project, Crocodile Project, Turtle Project, Mangroove Interpretation Center, Bono Bibi Temple & Watch Tower.
8.30 Am Breakfast, Tea & coffee is served on the boat which heads off into the jungle, with one of the biggest mangroves of the world, rich in flora and fauna. This boat cruise will last till sunset and during this period we will visit 3 watch towers, namely Sajnekhali, Sudhanyakhali and Dobanki. This Covers  Sudhanyakhali Watch Tower, Dobanki Watch Tower, Canopy walk, Pirkhali, Gazikhali & other narrow Creeks,
1 Pm: We reach Pancha Mukhani (Five river confluence). Cruising  the small channels and creeks we will try to spot different wildlife, spotted dear, wild boars, civet cat, monitor lizard, crocodiles, dolphins and of courses the Royal Bengal Tigers. Lunch and other refreshments will be served.
5 Pm: We start our return journey to reach resort. Evening at leisure to enjoy at the resort. Enjoy a swimming session at the pool or just walk around the abience of the resort.
9 Pm: Dinner is served at the resort, later retire for the night.
Frequently Asked Question
Q: Can Hilsa Festival be customized for big group?
A: Yes for group of more than 10 person customization can be done.
Q: Do you get vegetarian food in Hilsa Festival.
A: Yes for vegetarian guests we prepare pure vegetarian food.
Q: Does so many Hilsa dishes make it monotonious for 3 days.
​
A: No we mix and match different items like chicken, prawns, crabs etc. to make the most enjoyable foodies experience.
Office Address
Take A Break Travels & Holidays
54 Ho Chi Minh Sarani (56/2/D, Biren Roy Road, West), Behala Chowrasta, Kolkata 700008,
+91-9038055530  +91- 9830366923
Customised Any Day for Group of 8 people and above only on Request with Exclusive Transportation & Boat.
No fixed departure is available for 1 Night 2 Days.  Can Be Organised On Any Day, Price Subject to No Of Persons.      ​
Customized1 night 2 Days Sundarban Hilsa Festival  Itinerary
Day 1 Departure From Kolkata
8 Am : After Breakfast at your hotel/home and leave Calcutta by Air Conditioned Car/Passenger Van.  Three and half hours of journey to Godkhali, the last road ends here in India Mainland.
12 Noon: Board Boat then visit the island of Gosaba which is the biggest market for hundreds of villages around.
1.30 Pm: Reach our Resort on the island of Sonagaon Godhkhali, followed by lunch.
3.30 Pm: Boat ride for bird watching, during two to three hours, spotting seven types of kingfisher, egret, brahmani eagles, pond heron, black cormorants, etc and above all getting introduced to the lovely mangroves, surreal creatures fiddler crabs, mud skipper fish etc.
6.30 Pm: Return Back to Resort, just after the sunset. An enchanting evening with the local tribal Dance & Song Groups perform for you, you can join them and have a gala time. A session of refreshments.
9 Pm: Dinner is served & get prepared to spend the night in the luxury of our resorts.
​Day 2 Full Day Jungle Safari By Boat & Return To Kolkata
7.30 Am: We start as early as possible, board Luxury boat, get the required permissions & Forest approved guide from the forest office, and head off into the jungle, with one of the biggest mangroves of the world, rich in flora and fauna.
8.30 Am Breakfast is served on boat. This boat cruise will last till sunset and during this period we will visit 3 watch towers, namely Sajnekhali, Sudhanyakhali and Dobanki. This Covers Sajnekhali Tiger Project, Crocodile Project, Turtle Project, Mangroove Interpretation Center, Bono Bibi Temple, Sudhanyakhali Watch Tower, Dobanki Watch Tower, Canopy walk, Pirkhali, Gazikhali & other narrow Creeks,  Pancha Mukhani(Five river confluence).
2.00 Pm Lunch Is served. Cruising the small channels and creeks we will try to spot different wildlife, spotted dear, wild boars, civet cat, monitor lizard, crocodiles, dolphins and of courses the Royal Bengal Tigers.
4.30 to 5 Pm: We End Boat Ride at Godhkhali. Then we start our journey back for Kolkata and reach by 8 pm. That Completes your Sundarban Hilsa Festival 2026.
Send Your Query Here
View on Mobile